{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10547}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs22\lang1033 This Project was done by Navaneeth Venugopala Rao\par
Net ID - nbv140130\par  
\par
1. The first program is in Python. To execute this program copy the contents from Assignment2_1.py into the workspace and run the following command.\par
\par
spark-submit Assignment2_1.py Stanford\par
\par
2. Here Stanford is the address which is passed as a command line argument. The user can replace this with any other address.\par
\par
3. Do not replace the indentations in the Python file as the code may not work. Please follow the given indentation if you are copy - pasting the code from Windows to Linux.\par
\par
4. The second and the third program are in Scala.\par
\par
5. To execute the Question 2A, start the spark-shell in the local mode by using the following command - \par
\par
spark-shell --master local[*]\par
\par
6. Run the code under the Assignment2_2.scala and observe the run time.\par
\par
7. To run the Assignment 2 in Yarn Mode, use the following command - \par
\par
spark-shell --master yarn-client --executor-memory 4G --executor-cores 7 --num-executors 6\par
\par
8. The Execution Performance for the above modes is as follows -\par
-- Standalone Mode (Local Mode): 2.148308749 s\par
-- Yarn Mode \tab\tab        : 4.994034 s\par
\par
Execution time using Local Mode is faster.\par
\par
9. To execute the third program, start the spark-shell and then paste the code for 3A.\par
\par
10. Note down the execution time.\par
\par
11. Do the same thing for 3B and observe the execution time. \par
\par
12. The Execution Performance for the above modes is as follows -\par
-- 3A (normal)\tab\tab : 1.265003 s\par
-- 3B (broadcast) \tab : 4.994034 s\par
\par
13. Execution Time using Broadcast variable is faster.\par
\par
\par
}
